---
layout: newsletter
title: October Newsletter
---

The fall semester is in full swing and the CSGSA has been up to a lot over the past month. 

## Survey on Degree Requirements

The Graduate Committee is working on revising the degree requirements for both Masters and PhD students. To support their effort and help ensure that the new requirements serve student needs, we're sending out a survey about current requirements and the proposed changes. 

- The survey will be open until October 15th. 
- We expect this to take no more than ten minutes. 
- All responses will be anonymized and kept confidential.


{% include emails/button.html action='Take the survey' url='https://cuboulder.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_42ewryObxKdTj9z' %}

The survey will also be used to guide the agenda of the Fall Town Hall. Speaking of which...

## Upcoming Events

Our full event calendar is available (and subscribe-able) at [calendar.bouldercsgrads.org](https://calendar.bouldercsgrads.org), but there are a few upcoming events that we would like to highlight. 

### Town Hall - October 25th

- 3:30 pm in ECCR 265
- There will be a Zoom link available for those who cannot attend in person

The CS Graduate Town Hall is an event once a semester during which students can ask questions, raise concerns, and make suggestions about the Computer Science graduate program. The Department Chair, Graduate Director, Graduate Committee, and Graduate Advisor are all in attendance. 

The minutes of the Spring 2018 Town Hall are available [here](https://bouldercsgrads.org/2018/10/01/Town-Hall-Minutes-Spring-2018.html). 

### Student Colloquium - November 8th

- 3:30 pm in ECCR 265

The CSGSA will be hosting the colloquium on November 8th and we are looking for students who would like to present their research in a 15 minute conference talk. We are hoping to make this a recurring event twice a semester. Let us know if you are interested in presenting, even if you are not available on November 8th. 

### Recruitment Day - October 20th

- 2-4pm Poster Session in DLC Lobby
- 5-6:30 Social at Backcountry with **free Pizza**

The Computer Science Department is recruiting new Masters and PhD students and are requesting labs to host tables at the event. Present your work via demos, posters, presentations etc.

After the official department event, the CSGSA is hosting a social at Backcountry with free pizza and salads. 


## New Online Resources

Right before the start of the semester, we launched our new website [bouldercsgrads.org](https://bouldercsgrads.org). We've been working on populating it with useful resources. 

### [Graduate Student Handbook](https://bouldercsgrads.org/assets/pdf/graduate_student_handbook_fall_2018.pdf)

We helped Rajshree edit the old, outdated graduate student handbook over the summer to reflect current degree requirements and graduate student advice. There's a copy on the department website as well. 

Use this as your go-to resource when you have a question about breadth classes, or how to get keycard access to a lab.

### [Don't Ignore It](https://www.colorado.edu/dontignoreit/)

The Office of Institutional Equity and Compliance (OIEC) has launched a new website for reporting discrimination, harassment, assault, abusive conduct, and ethical concerns, as well as, the support resources for counseling, healthcare, and victim assistance. 

In last spring's quality of life survey, 10% of respondents said that they had experienced or witnessed harassment within the department, and 15% of respondents were unsure who they would speak to in case of conflict. To bridge this gap, the CSGSA is helping promote the Don't Ignore It website. 

In addition to the links on our website, you may see posters in CSEL and on the 7th and 8th floors of the office tower advertising the website.

### [Travel Funding](https://bouldercsgrads.org/2018/09/12/Travel-Grants.html)

Thinking about going to a conference? We have a new FAQ about how to obtain travel funding. 

Ideas for other FAQs? Let us know on [Slack](https://boulder-cs-grads.slack.com) or at [csgsa@colorado.edu](mailto:csgsa@colorado.edu)


