---
layout: newsletter
title: Here we go again!
date: 13-08-2019
---
# Welcome

Hello!

To our new colleagues, welcome! To our old friends, welcome back! As we get ready for the start of another academic year, we wanted to reach out with some information about a couple of events coming up for **all students**.

See you soon!

## Scavenger Hunt
It's back! After last year's success, the scavenger hunt is back, with new and improved challenges! In teams of 4 you will search the engineering center and surrounding area to solve our clues and emerge victorious! Teams will be made up of new students and existing students - don't worry we will sort that out on the day! We will have **free food, music, and prizes!**

This is a great chance to meet new folks in the department, network and get to know everyone!

**Where**: ECES 114

**When**: 5.30pm Thursday August 22nd

We will have half an hour to get some food and get organized, and then the hunt will start at 6pm.

See you there!

## Professional Headshots
For the first time CSGSA is offering the opportunity to get free professional headshots taken. A professional photo is perfect for a LinkedIn profile, journal articles, posters and professional talks, etc. If you want this photo can also be used on the new student directory on the department website.

**Where**: ECCR 150

**When**: 11am to 3pm, Thursday August 22nd

No appointment necessary, just drop in to get your picture taken. Just bring your buff one card and a good hair day!

We **strongly encourage everyone to take advantage of this opportunity**. A good headshot is a good career move! Don't believe us? Check out this article from [Forbes](https://www.forbes.com/sites/williamarruda/2018/09/05/the-best-linkedin-headshots-and-how-to-create-yours/#690dde06d2fa)

## Welcome Back Bash
On September 5th, the CSGSA and the Graduate Committee invite you to join us for the annual Welcome Back Bash. Open to Graduate Students, faculty and staff, this is always a great opportunity to catch up with old friends and meet the new members of our community. All while enjoying some refreshment!

**Where**: DLC Lobby

**When**: 5pm to 7pm
