---
layout: newsletter
title: Fall 2019 Updates!
date: 06-11-2019
---
## CSGSA Elections
The Computer Science Graduate Student Association (CSGSA) is seeking nominations for positions on the CSGSA Executive Board. It is time to bid a fond farewell to our current executive board, and welcome in a new team of passionate graduate students. No prior experience with CSGSA is necessary as you will be supported by the outgoing board as well as current committee representatives! Any CS grad student may nominate themselves.

The CSGSA is a student organization run by and for graduate students with our main goal being to foster community amongst graduate students in the Department of Computer Science and other affiliated departments/institutes. The CSGSA arranges social events, professional development events, and serves as a central forum of representation for graduate students, representing graduate students’ interests to the department and broader university administration.

Nominations will be open until November 20th at 11:59 pm. We will announce the nominees and hold an online election from November 21st to December 5th at 6:00 pm with results announced at the winter gathering on the 6th.

The terms for each position is one calendar year and will begin in the Spring semester. Note: committee representative elections occur at the end of each academic year, so we will be seeking nominations for these positions late next semester.

To read more about the positions available and nominate yourself, please fill out [this form](https://forms.gle/HBXCEucnr5W23HcJ7)

## Course Demand Survey
We need your help with the course demand survey! We want to hear from you as to what courses you want to see offered in the coming semesters. It's a quick survey that will only take a few minutes

[Here is the link to the survey](https://cuboulder.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_0MWOoibzdjDZkQ5)

Your answers have a direct impact on what courses are offered. So please take the time to fill out the survey! Also, if there is a class that you have been asking for multiple times, please let us know which class so we can be sure to follow up on that!

The survey will be closed on **November 13th 2019** at 5pm.

## Friendsgiving

Some of you may remember an event last year known as Friendsgiving. Our host last year was Prof. Brad Hayes, who has graciously agreed to open up his home for another Friendsgiving event. It promises to be a wonderful event full of food and merriment.

This years event will be on **November 23rd at 2pm**

Part of participating in this event is bringing something to share with the group. This can take the form of food, cutlery, chairs, plates, or any other miscellaneous items that might be needed. The only way this event works is if we all work together to make a delicious meal. We would especially like to share this US holiday with our international colleagues, and welcome you to bring a traditional dish of your own to share with us!

If you are interested in participating in this event, [please RSVP](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18Z9PKlecN_xSRXbwnRHnrICf2kcSEpAlyiYwWcjfWl0/edit?usp=sharing)
