concerns.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Reporting and Support
---

This page gathers resource links and information for issues that may arise during your time at CU.

<div class="alert alert-primary accent-section" role="alert">
<h2>Department Contacts</h2>
<p>First point of contact for most concerns is the Graduate Advisor, <a href="mailto:Rajshree.Shrestha@colorado.edu" class="alert-link">Rajshree.Shrestha</a>.</p>

<p>She will help you identify the resources available and navigate the grievance and reporting procedures. Her office hours are listed on the <a href="http://calendar.bouldercsgrads.org" class="alert-link">calendar</a>.</p>
<hr>
The alternate contacts are the heads of the Graduate Committee, <a href="mailto:qin.lv@colorado.edu" class="alert-link">Christine Lv</a>, and  <a href="mailto:srirams@Colorado.EDU" class="alert-link">Sriram Sankaranarayanan</a>. Please contact them in the case that you do not feel comfortable contacting Rajshree.
<hr>
<p>Rajshree, Christine, and Sriram are mandatory reporters. If you need confidential support, please use <a href="https://www.colorado.edu/dontignoreit/get-support" class="alert-link">this list of confidential resources</a> instead.</p>

</div>

## [Campus-wide resources](https://www.colorado.edu/dontignoreit)

Check out the [Don't Ignore It](https://www.colorado.edu/dontignoreit) website for a comprehensive list of on-campus resources. Their own website description says it best:

> There are options for seeking confidential support, reporting concerns, and learning skills for helping others. Don't ignore mental health concerns, harassment, discriminatory actions, unwanted sexual behavior, abuse in a relationship, stalking, and other abusive behavior.

## Graduate School Grievance Process and Procedure

If you are interested in details of the grievance policy, the Graduate School's full grievance procedure document is available [online](https://www.colorado.edu/graduateschool/sites/default/files/attached-files/grievance_process_and_procedures_2019_final.pdf). It is a bit long, so we've pulled out some highlights in sections below. 

If you think you want to make a complaint, we recommend talking to Rajshree Shrestha, the Computer Science Graduate Advisor ([Rajshree.Shrestha@colorado.edu](mailto:Rajshree.Shrestha@colorado.edu)). She is fully familiar and trained in this grievance process and will help you navigate it. 

### Jurisdiction Flowchart
1. Is this an academic issue? 
    * Is the issue a grade appeal or other purely academic decision?
       - [College of Engineering Grade Appeal Policy](https://www.colorado.edu/engineering-facultystaff/college-rules-policies/grade-appeal-policy)
    * Is the issue related to arbitrary, inconsistent, or capricious actions taken against a grad student? Such as deviations from stated grading/exam policies; failure to provide reason for dismissal; unfairness in application or requirements; actions that hinder student's ability to make progress?
       - Ask Rajshree for assistance with filing grievances
       - File a Grievance [with the College of Engineering](https://www.colorado.edu/engineering-facultystaff/rules-policies/grievance)
       - File a Grievance [through the Graduate School](https://www.colorado.edu/graduateschool/sites/default/files/attached-files/grievance_process_and_procedures_2019_final.pdf)
2. Are there allegations of sexual misconduct, protected class discrimination, or harassment?
   - Report to [OIEC](https://www.colorado.edu/oiec/reporting-resolution-options)
3. Are there allegations of research misconduct? 
   - Report to [standing committee on research misconduct](https://www.colorado.edu/researchinnovation/rcr/research-misconduct)
4. Is there potential unprofessional conduct of teaching or research faculty?
   - Address through supervising administrator, [Academic Affairs policy](https://www.colorado.edu/bfa/sites/default/files/attached-files/PRDJanuary16_2013.pdf)
5. Is there a student conduct issue?
   - Report to the [Office of Student Conduct and Conflict Resolution](https://www.colorado.edu/sccr/)

### Timelines

#### Program Level Grievance Procedure
1. The grievance process starts with a Graduate Student Grievance form submitted to the Director of Graduate Studies or the Chair of the Department. 
2. Once the grievance is officially accepted, the program will strive to complete grievance process within **60 days**. 
3. A faculty committee is formed to address the grievance.
4. The grievance materials are distributed to the faculty member named in the grievance. They have **10 days** to respond. A copy of the response is shared with the student who initiated the grievance.
5. A hearing with be scheduled as soon as possible. The Student and Faculty members identified have separate opportunities to be heard, and may be accompanied by one individual (attorney, advisor, friend, etc)
6. The committee will discuss and suggest recommendations. They will prepare a report which will be distributed to the student and faculty member named within **10 days** of the hearing.
7. If this does not satisfactorily resolve the issue, the student may appeal to the graduate school within **20 days**.

#### Graduate School Grievance Procedure
1. After the grievance appeal is officially accepted, the graduate school will strive to complete grievance process within **90 days**. 
2. New committee schedules second hearing with same procedure as steps 5-6 above. They will prepare a report which will be distributed to the student and faculty member named within **20 days** of the hearing.

## Department Resources

The Computer Science Graduate Committee also maintains an information sheet that includes some of the situations that can arise and where to go for assistance in each case. 

We also realize that there are situations that arise that may not fit into any of these categories. In that case, you can fill in the [following form](https://goo.gl/forms/gKzOG6FW5YjK5iPl2) anonymously describing the situation. The Graduate Committee will determine how best to respond to your concerns and update the information sheet accordingly if appropriate.  

Again, for many of these issues, the first point of contact is the Computer Science Graduate Advisor, <a href="mailto:Rajshree.Shrestha@colorado.edu" class="alert-link">Rajshree.Shrestha</a>. She has office hours listed on the [calendar](http://calendar.bouldercsgrads.org). 

### [Information Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1YTOLZOpuj23N8yaGRU8nt1GnUl1DfldE9waAtDHNIdc/edit?usp=sharing)
<iframe src="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vRGBowqXOuYsRD1sAKAm9e1BRUHm6JxfRH1N8fXt6CiDWTPqkJ3i5POMLbmQyEZTgg4KT5hUd7zq63E/pubhtml?gid=0&amp;single=true&amp;widget=true&amp;headers=false" style="width: 100%; height: 600px"></iframe>

Commit message:

Updating concerns page to have bias reporting link.

concerns.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Reporting and Support
---

This page gathers resource links and information for issues that may arise during your time at CU.


<div class="alert alert-primary accent-section" role="alert">
<h2>Anonymous Bias and Microaggression Reporting</h2>
Please feel free to use <a href="https://forms.gle/ezhYMjs3Q2Y24XBe7" class="alert-link"> this link </a> to report microaggresions and incidences of bias.  This page is monitored by current graduate students, who can take these concerns to the department anonymously if desired.

Please note these students are mandatory reporters, so while you can choose to stay anonymous, incidents reported on here may have to be reported to the University.

<b>What is a microaggresion?</b>
A microaggression is a term used for brief and commonplace daily verbal, behavioral, or environmental indignities, whether intentional or unintentional, that communicate hostile, derogatory, or negative prejudicial slights and insults toward any group, particularly culturally marginalized groups.

<h2>Department Contacts</h2>
<p>First point of contact for most concerns is the Graduate Advisor, <a href="mailto:Rajshree.Shrestha@colorado.edu" class="alert-link">Rajshree.Shrestha</a>.</p>

<p>She will help you identify the resources available and navigate the grievance and reporting procedures. Her office hours are listed on the <a href="http://calendar.bouldercsgrads.org" class="alert-link">calendar</a>.</p>
<hr>
The alternate contacts are the heads of the Graduate Committee, <a href="mailto:qin.lv@colorado.edu" class="alert-link">Christine Lv</a>, and  <a href="mailto:srirams@Colorado.EDU" class="alert-link">Sriram Sankaranarayanan</a>. Please contact them in the case that you do not feel comfortable contacting Rajshree.
<hr>
<p>Rajshree, Christine, and Sriram are mandatory reporters. If you need confidential support, please use <a href="https://www.colorado.edu/dontignoreit/get-support" class="alert-link">this list of confidential resources</a> instead.</p>

</div>

## [Campus-wide resources](https://www.colorado.edu/dontignoreit)

Check out the [Don't Ignore It](https://www.colorado.edu/dontignoreit) website for a comprehensive list of on-campus resources. Their own website description says it best:

> There are options for seeking confidential support, reporting concerns, and learning skills for helping others. Don't ignore mental health concerns, harassment, discriminatory actions, unwanted sexual behavior, abuse in a relationship, stalking, and other abusive behavior.

## Graduate School Grievance Process and Procedure

If you are interested in details of the grievance policy, the Graduate School's full grievance procedure document is available [online](https://www.colorado.edu/graduateschool/sites/default/files/attached-files/grievance_process_and_procedures_2019_final.pdf). It is a bit long, so we've pulled out some highlights in sections below.

If you think you want to make a complaint, we recommend talking to Rajshree Shrestha, the Computer Science Graduate Advisor ([Rajshree.Shrestha@colorado.edu](mailto:Rajshree.Shrestha@colorado.edu)). She is fully familiar and trained in this grievance process and will help you navigate it.

### Jurisdiction Flowchart
1. Is this an academic issue?
    * Is the issue a grade appeal or other purely academic decision?
       - [College of Engineering Grade Appeal Policy](https://www.colorado.edu/engineering-facultystaff/college-rules-policies/grade-appeal-policy)
    * Is the issue related to arbitrary, inconsistent, or capricious actions taken against a grad student? Such as deviations from stated grading/exam policies; failure to provide reason for dismissal; unfairness in application or requirements; actions that hinder student's ability to make progress?
       - Ask Rajshree for assistance with filing grievances
       - File a Grievance [with the College of Engineering](https://www.colorado.edu/engineering-facultystaff/rules-policies/grievance)
       - File a Grievance [through the Graduate School](https://www.colorado.edu/graduateschool/sites/default/files/attached-files/grievance_process_and_procedures_2019_final.pdf)
2. Are there allegations of sexual misconduct, protected class discrimination, or harassment?
   - Report to [OIEC](https://www.colorado.edu/oiec/reporting-resolution-options)
3. Are there allegations of research misconduct?
   - Report to [standing committee on research misconduct](https://www.colorado.edu/researchinnovation/rcr/research-misconduct)
4. Is there potential unprofessional conduct of teaching or research faculty?
   - Address through supervising administrator, [Academic Affairs policy](https://www.colorado.edu/bfa/sites/default/files/attached-files/PRDJanuary16_2013.pdf)
5. Is there a student conduct issue?
   - Report to the [Office of Student Conduct and Conflict Resolution](https://www.colorado.edu/sccr/)

### Timelines

#### Program Level Grievance Procedure
1. The grievance process starts with a Graduate Student Grievance form submitted to the Director of Graduate Studies or the Chair of the Department.
2. Once the grievance is officially accepted, the program will strive to complete grievance process within **60 days**.
3. A faculty committee is formed to address the grievance.
4. The grievance materials are distributed to the faculty member named in the grievance. They have **10 days** to respond. A copy of the response is shared with the student who initiated the grievance.
5. A hearing with be scheduled as soon as possible. The Student and Faculty members identified have separate opportunities to be heard, and may be accompanied by one individual (attorney, advisor, friend, etc)
6. The committee will discuss and suggest recommendations. They will prepare a report which will be distributed to the student and faculty member named within **10 days** of the hearing.
7. If this does not satisfactorily resolve the issue, the student may appeal to the graduate school within **20 days**.

#### Graduate School Grievance Procedure
1. After the grievance appeal is officially accepted, the graduate school will strive to complete grievance process within **90 days**.
2. New committee schedules second hearing with same procedure as steps 5-6 above. They will prepare a report which will be distributed to the student and faculty member named within **20 days** of the hearing.

## Department Resources

The Computer Science Graduate Committee also maintains an information sheet that includes some of the situations that can arise and where to go for assistance in each case.

We also realize that there are situations that arise that may not fit into any of these categories. In that case, you can fill in the [following form](https://goo.gl/forms/gKzOG6FW5YjK5iPl2) anonymously describing the situation. The Graduate Committee will determine how best to respond to your concerns and update the information sheet accordingly if appropriate.  

Again, for many of these issues, the first point of contact is the Computer Science Graduate Advisor, <a href="mailto:Rajshree.Shrestha@colorado.edu" class="alert-link">Rajshree.Shrestha</a>. She has office hours listed on the [calendar](http://calendar.bouldercsgrads.org).

### [Information Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1YTOLZOpuj23N8yaGRU8nt1GnUl1DfldE9waAtDHNIdc/edit?usp=sharing)
<iframe src="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vRGBowqXOuYsRD1sAKAm9e1BRUHm6JxfRH1N8fXt6CiDWTPqkJ3i5POMLbmQyEZTgg4KT5hUd7zq63E/pubhtml?gid=0&amp;single=true&amp;widget=true&amp;headers=false" style="width: 100%; height: 600px"></iframe>
